kick that bitch shit phone
ain't you I'm the other guy got some
girls that some emo big-face roadie with
the stones in the home
drop some cookie dough man and y'all put
it off the light total chrome kidding
bitches lookin at a nigga like he's
gonna kill it slide nigga no parachute
pulled up like water when I looked at
hot like Waterworld buddy spit man
dressed like bottle bro smoke some get
ratchet right what's it over look back
get ratchet back in the middle of the
club with the rest
digger anyone it can happen no stick
straight go straight
hello these scopes may be straight go
straight
like a full of bitches they go in there
bro
Hey